yes in here they are the Avenger the
following us toys yes as you can see we
got from mia mamma bee and skids they
were the only thing i can pick up click
on the Fallen bar I decided to get these
guys hopefully I did about next so well
starving family since he is one of the
preview figures then would go up to crow
me and then skids okay so bumblebee it's
a basically a new Camaro now he has some
different differences from the other
movie that he has big eye headlights
right here you can't see it see and then
he has another two headlights right here
and a different paint job in a bigger
grill basically the same i hear accepted
any paint the camaro sign right here
went way and they didn't paint the Chevy
sign right here and also the bad part is
that his legs are fully exposed and that
there's no gun the gun is actually let
his hand which kind of seem mad they
painted the winds a little bit wider is
still kind of good figure I kind of like
him
so his main clothes are basically yellow
black silver some type of glass plastic
and some blue for the eyes yeah ok ok
now the transformant opened his windows
I mean doors I don't like it then you
pull his her like that and they pull his
wheels out like that my little pieces
like he liked to fall off then you fold
up his wings like that like you fold
them like that make his arms go and then
fold that stuff like that split the legs
apart to get the gun out and then fold
that up and then turn out out then fold
this up
and pull off and as my gun likes to pop
off finally hate this gun then you
folder like that then you pull down his
fur hood and it's autumn what begins
then you pull his leg like this and like
these up I have by the a movie adaption
so I already know what's going to happen
so bold is heels down and then make it
another autumn Wharf the same like it
did them layups wait and for the last
whip otic Luke look bamp bamp there you
have movies bumblebee okay time to point
out some okay he's basically the same
movie if he gets up some differences def
its number one different color design
for the robotics if it's ever too hood
and it doesn't go all the way down
there's number three feet tips are not
black did some before gun and dif number
five different it's hope see look at the
different head scope cuz im sue suppose
oh no it's dope head scope it sometimes
gets in the way
so yeah basic same articulation really
want so yeah you won't pick them up then
I have nothing else to say oh yeah yeah
so has a special missile firing lot
action just pull the one with the red
tab and bam his missile comes out just
like that always the deal with the
handgun I will never know why couldn't
they just do it don't know believe it I
have no idea dear so basically that is
the movie figure by moby so yeah he will
not have a big role like he did in
transformers i personally he will have a
little bit of small hole after his prime
will have a big ol
hi I'm sorry fans a high night but he he
also won basically the only big walls
will be met Optimus medic on the Fallen
probably skids now thats kids he's he's
highly enough yeah that's basically the
three main characters yeah I was up to
background skin talks crew me up
contacts so basically if you want them
you get them I gotta because I loved
movies online alright that's movie
bumblebee